# Emmanuel Mendez

Hello, my name is Emmanuel Mendez and I'm a software engineer

I have two years of experience creating dynamic and responsive web applications using TypeScript and Angular framework. I have a solid understanding of web development concepts and best practices, and I can write clean and scalable code applying programming principles, object-oriented, reactive and functional programming, design patterns and atomic design. I have experience using various tools and libraries such as RxJS, NgRx and Angular Material to enhance the functionality and performance of my applications. I have also used storybook to document and showcase my components in an interactive way and Jest, Jasmine and Karma to test my code and ensure its quality and reliability. I am confident that I can solve any problems efficiently and effectively with my skills and experience.

This project was generated by using Astro.

## Project Structure

Inside of my project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```
/
├── public/
│   └── favicon.svg
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── atoms/
│   │   ├── molecules7
│   │   └── organisms/
│   ├── layouts/
│   │   └── Layout.astro
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where I like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                           |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run astro ...`    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
